This is disk 175 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Below is a listing of the significant directories and their contents.


Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table 
		of Elements.  Can display a large amount of pertinent
		data about a selected element along with a good deal of 
		general and miscellaneous info.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

Furnish		For those of you who may have ever used the "scale size cut
		and place" method of determining your next living-room 
		arrangement, this Amiga-ized version may be just what you 
		need.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Terry Gintz 		

Plot		Program to compute and plot 3 dimensional functions.
		Major revision to PD version on disk number 49 by the 
		same author.  Version 4.1, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

SafeBoot	Very handy intuition-based program to read and save 
		custom bootblocks.  The bootblock can then be later 
		restored should the disk become virus-infected.
		Version 2.2, binary only.
		Author:  Mark Lanoux

SendMorse	Brush up on your morse code with this simple program 
		that will read an input textfile and output the characters
		at an adjustable rate.
		Author:  Joe Larson
  
VirusX		Version 3.10 of the popular virus detection/vaccination
		program.  Features a test for the new IRQ virus, among
		others, and a new "Kill Virus" utility.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

WBDepth		CLI program that allows you to change the number of bitplanes
		for the WB screen on the fly.  Very useful for A500 and A2000
		users with kickstart in ROM.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andry Rachmat	
	
Zippy		A "Graphical Shell".  Opens a medium-size window and 
		attaches a menu-strip for performing all sort of disk/data 
		manipulations.  Features script files allowing you to attach
		custom menu selections as you move between directories.
		Also included is an intuition based utility for altering
		FileInfo data.  (filename, filenote, RWED attributes, etc.)
		Version 2.5, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Weiblen
 

